HSEARCH-4616 Rename automatic indexing to something more explicit (#3536)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/public/reference/_mapping-reindexing.adoc

====

[[mapping-reindexing-reindexonupdate]]

> == [[mapper-orm-reindexing-reindexonupdate]] Limiting reindexing of containing objects with `@IndexingDependency`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== [[mapper-orm-reindexing-reindexonupdate]] Limiting reindexing of containing entities with `@IndexingDependency`
```

> In some cases, <<architecture-hsearch-indexing,triggering reindexing>> of objects that contain a property that changed is not realistically achievable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, <<architecture-hsearch-indexing,triggering reindexing>> of entities every time a given property changes is not realistically achievable:
```
